Document kill-bp-session (#27)
olympix/olympix.github.io: src/content/docs/cli/index.mdx

- **`generate-unit-tests`**: Generate unit tests
- **`generate-mutation-tests`**: Generate mutation tests
- **`generate-fuzz-tests`**: Generate fuzz tests

> - **`list-bp-sessions`**: List active BugPocer sessions (with IDs and statuses)

Reviewer: `list-bp-sessions` isn't filtered to running sessions — it returns **all** of the caller's sessions with their status, so "active" here reads as narrower than the command actually is.

Server-side, `GetBugPocerSessionsController` calls `GetBugPocerSessionsForUser`, whose query has no status predicate:

```sql
SELECT session_id, status, … FROM bugpocer_session_status
WHERE user_id = @user_id ORDER BY updated_at DESC;
```

and the CLI prints every returned row (`FetchedBugPocerSessionsController`: `Session ID: …, Status: …`), so completed / failed / killed sessions are listed too. The `bugpocer.mdx` phrasing ("prints each session's ID and status") is already accurate — just this line reads as running-only.

```suggestion
- **`list-bp-sessions`**: List your BugPocer sessions with their IDs and statuses
```

(The CLI's own registry description carries the same "active" wording, so it'd be worth aligning that in a follow-up too — out of scope for this docs PR.)
